General
How does Skintap work?
Skintap connects you with a board certified dermatologist in a few easy steps.

1. Complete the online consultation
2. Submit photos of your skin condition
3. One of our board certified dermatologists will review your consultation and photos then send a customized treatment plan to you
4. Upon receipt of payment your prescriptions will be routed to our pharmacy, fulfilled, then shipped to you
5. Once you receive the prescriptions and other products for your treatment plan follow the instructions accordingly and you should start to see results in 4 – 8 weeks.
6. If you have any questions, please reach out to Skintap and one of our board certified dermatologist will contact you.
7. Follow-up with your dermatologist per your treatment plan.

What is an e-visit/virtual consultation?
An e-visit entails a quick self-service questionnaire that gets submitted securely to our doctors. One of our board-certified dermatologists will review your questionnaire, and you will get a response with treatment plan within 24-48hrs.

What will I receive with my consultation?
You will receive a fully personalized treatment plan for your dermatological issue. The treatment plan could be prescriptions, our VidaDerma products, or a combination of both.

Do you treat all skin types and skin tones?
Yes, Skintap’s board certified dermatologists have seen all skin types and skin tones. Our dermatologists have years of experiencing resolving dermatological issues for everyone.

How should I store my prescriptions and products?
In most cases Skintap prescriptions and VidaDerma products should be stored in a cool, dry place; but please read the care instructions provided for details.

How should I apply my prescriptions and VidaDerma products?
It is important to follow the application instructions on all prescriptions and products.

What happens if my products are not working?
Prescriptions typically take anywhere from 4 – 8 weeks to begin working effectively. If you have not seen a difference in that time, please upload new photos and the dermatologists will potentially adjust your treatment plan.

Can I use Skintap products if I am pregnant or breastfeeding?
It is extremely important to answer all of the initial consultation questions as complete and accurate as possible. If you become pregnant after you receive your medications, please contact Skintap and our dermatologists will review your treatment plan and make any changes ifgist per your treatment plan.